alright Bob chick here we just concluded
the finals here at the Tampa Pro I'm
here with the mighty one Marvin Ward the
human statue of myself the accolades of
course continue my friend close but no
cigar or a runner-up finish but a great
competition Marvin yeah it's all right
I've been doing this a while I'll be
able to take the good with the bad not
too bad i mean obviously it's a not what
you're looking for obviously at olympic
qualification on the line here but you
hit a very good he tatata yamagishi you
guys are very close neck and neck from
the prejudging of course right up here
until the finals your thoughts come out
of prejudging I thought I was peeled
enough I I came down the extra weight I
needed to come down to get that look and
maybe they want it Big now maybe they
wanted more sighs well hey listen you
gave him hell you could you came in
shape like I say a hard-fought battle
but speaking of battles I understand my
friend you've had a few lately just
weeks ago actually you were at a
correction I understand yeah junior 25th
I flipped my car on a 95 a couple of
times and I was able to walk away from
it with a you know a couple bad bruise
muscles a lot of torn ligaments and
stuff but a hyperbaric chamber everybody
getting the hyperbaric chamber I'll tell
you this it didn't seem to impact your
physique human obviously if somebody
didn't tell me the story you don't know
what you don't look any worse for wear
obviously but how was it training
obviously with some injuries and and
coming back from an accident just did a
lot of cardio stuck the diet really well
you know just gonna put the timing on
the other side of it instead of actually
lifting weights but it seemed to work
out I look really really conditioned
this time I had enough muscle to make
that sacrifice that's the key I had
enough muscle in the beginning to not
trained like that but yeah yeah we did
good a few good finishes this year
Marvin obviously like it's the only one
spot up for grabs now you only had a
couple of competitions this year are you
anywhere close on the points I really no
I don't know I asked about it I got a
couple of good answers so let's hope I
am let's hope I young yet but check that
out of course that's updated pretty much
right after the shows you can check it
out tomorrow Marvin hopefully you got
enough to stick your into that top five
and get that Olympia qualification it's
going to be
good one this year of course Joe eaters
50th on the line if it's not that would
be unfortunate will we see you at the
Olympia this year well you know if not
i'll try to get a qualification with the
phoenix show for next year and then we
will start targeting I thing like that I
was just going to ask you now obviously
their shows immediately following the
Olympia which can obviously give you the
early jump for next year so I assume
that could be obviously would be in your
plans yes yes because if the point
system is where I seem to keep falling
because the guys keep coming from the
open down here hey you know let's let's
do it for the points let's try it there
one way or get the other grandma Oh
Marvin congratulations like I say
overcoming adversity obviously all the
way to this competition here at a very
close finish to heat a so
congratulations to you my friend and
we'll see at the Olympia all right thank
you man
you